# GRAFANA CENTOS-7 SERVER AUTOMATED INSTALLER.

This script will install and configure grafana along some needed components (mariadb and nginx) and configure it to serve trough http ports 80 (http) and 443 (https).

The results from all actions performed by this script will be stored at the log file "/var/log/grafana-server-automated-installer.log". The credentials for databases (mysql root, grafanadb) and the credentials for GRAFANA admin user will be stored at the file "/root/grafana-server-credentials.txt".


# LETSENCRYPT

The script will install "certbot" (letsencrypt software) and set the required crontab for automated renewall. The "ssl" certificate on nginx is "self-signed". Use "certbot" to adquire a valid certificate from letsencrypt.


# OPENED PORTS

FirewallD allow traffic for the following ports only (input traffic):

- 80 tcp (http).
- 443 tcp (https).
- 22 tcp (ssh).

**NOTE:** Both grafana and mariadb services are configured to listen on localhost only (127.0.0.0:3000 and 127.0.0.0:3306). Grafana web services are exposed trough nginx (80/443) using proxypass.


# NGINX AND MARIADB

Nginx is used to expose grafana trough "proxypass". That will make the entire setup safer. MariaDB is used for the session/configuration storage backend on grafana. The database is fully configured on both grafana and mariadb (users/password included).


# DEFAULT CREDENTIALS

The default admin user is "admin". The password is autogenerated at install time and stored on "/root/grafana-server-credentials.txt". Once the installation is ready, see your credentiales there.


# GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:

This script will fail if the following requirements are not meet:

- Operating System: Centos 7.
- Architecture: x86_64/amd64.
- INSTALLED RAM: 1024Mb.
- CPU: 1 Core/Thread.
- FREE DISK SPACE: 5GB.
