# AUTOMATED INSTALLATION SCRIPTS FOR GENERAL APPLICATIONS.

This repository contains several scripts that can be used on any cloud-init based environment (aws, openstack, digital ocean, packet.net, etc.) or that can be run manually in any server that meets the minimun requirements for each script.

Each directory contain the script and a README.md file explaining minimun requirements and recommendations. Most of the scripts here has been tested on general cloud instances (centos7 and ubuntu1604lts, both 64 bits) with the most basic installation and in other environments (bare metal, digital ocean, packet.net, virtualbox).

Please always check the minimal requirements that you need to meet on each script (the README.md includes this information for every script here).

For applications requiring a login information (user/pass), the credentials will be autogenerated and stored on a file normally on the "/root" directory (this is specified on the README.md for each application). Also, all the scripts generate a log on /var/log that you can check along the main log from cloud-init (/var/log/cloud-init-output.log) if you are running inside a cloud environemnt using common metadata services (aws, openstack, digital ocean or even packet.net which also uses cloud-init).


# GENERAL OPERATING SYSTEM RECOMMENDATIONS.

Some of the scripts here will run either on ubuntu 1604lts or centos7, and some other are for a specific distro. All software and utilities needed by the script will be installed and some checks in order to verify distro version, architecture, available memory, available cores, and disk space will be performed. If for any reason the minimal requirements are not meet, the script will abort and inform the reason on the log.

Normal cloud-images for Centos7 and Ubuntu1604lts (64 bits only) will run those scripts without any problem (if the machine have the hardware requirements). If you are using a custom installation, please try to use the standard repositories that are included in the distribution, otherwise our scripts would fail. Also try to use the most basic installation for your distro. For Centos 7, use a "basic infrastructure server" or a "minimal install". For Ubuntu 16.04lts use the most basic installation with "OpenSSH server" added.

**NOTE:** All scripts require both Internet Access and a x86_64/amd64 architecture.


# BOOTSTRAP/USER_DATA.

All our scripts are shorter than 16K and completely automated/unattended. This is done by design in order to let the scripts to run on cloud environments like AWS, OpenStack, Digital Ocean, and other non-cloud bare-metal using cloud-init like packet.net. In the specific case of packet.net, we intentionally disable their repos (for Centos7) in order to use standard centos repositories. We have detected some conflicts if the packet.net repositories are enabled on centos 7 so in order to make our installation script more reliable, we just disable they repositories and use standard repos.


# EPEL.

Practically all our Centos7 based scripts install EPEL-7 repository. This is also a requirement for us. We firmly believe that a Centos machine without EPEL is incomplete !. Also, some of our applications require packages from EPEL repos.

END.-