# SEMI-AUTOMATED JOOMLA INSTALLER WITH  MARIADB 10.1 FOR CENTOS7

This script will install a LEMP server (Nginx from EPEL Repo, PHP 7.1 from WebStatic and MariaDB 10.1 from official MariaDB Centos repos), configure the LEMP server (including ssl settings), download an pre-configure joomla packages, and create joomla database, user and password in order to let you finish the installation using your browser.

The database credentials (root and joomladb) are autogenerated and later stored on the file /root/joomla-server-mariadb-credentials.txt. Also, the file /root/.my.cnf will be configured with the database root user credentials in order to let the "mysql" command to connect without including user/password on the "mysql" command call.

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: YOU WILL NEED THE CREDENTIALS STORED ON "/root/joomla-server-mariadb-credentials.txt" IN ORDER TO FINISH THE JOOMLA WEB INSTALLATION USING YOUR BROWSER !

The following information will be needed by you in order to complete the web-based part of Joomla install:

- Database name: joomladb
- Database user: joomlauser
- Database password: Stored on the "root/joomla-server-mariadb-credentials.txt" inside the server.

Most tasks performed by the installer will be logged to the file "/var/log/joomla-server-automated-installer.log". There you can see when the installer finish. Once this happens, you can continue with the web-based installation using the database information stored on the **"/root/joomla-server-mariadb-credentials.txt"** file.


# FIREWALLD

Firewalld will be installed and configured with the following ports opened:

- 22 tcp (ssh).
- 80 tcp (http).
- 443 tcp (https).

Please note that SELINUX will be disabled by this script.


# LETSENCRYPT

This script will install "certbot" (letsencrypt software) and set the required crontab for automated renewall. The "ssl" certificate on nginx is "self-signed". Use "certbot" to adquire a valid certificate from letsencrypt.


# GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:

This script will fail if the following requirements are not meet:

- Operating System: Centos 7
- Architecture: x86_64/amd64.
- INSTALLED RAM: 1024Mb (1GB).
- CPU: 1 Core/Thread.
- FREE DISK SPACE: 5GB.
